hey guys how you doing my notes in a
while since my last video but our powder
33 of skin and the product is some
herbal essences hello hydration fish
shellfish mess I already used up all the
shampoo and barely have any Commissioner
left so I don't know just trust into the
bottle was empty so pretty much and
mixing feel my hair cut my hair is
really sick and it's curly / waving and
the type of cut that i actually have
right now full i unscrew it haircut is
my hands instead but when i originally
got it put i got it cut um I part of it
wolf the style is parted it right here
and she's not living suicide and I got
short layers so it grew out now
obviously so before I bangs and smooth
like right yes so it grew up so it's a
little different now but just a little
background and this my hair is pretty
dry a lot of times when I when I on my
hair air dry or want to drive a general
right after is just really dry this
isn't honest I thought it's not a nice i
guess so um so i started using this and
then after icing cooking stays I think
Amy a week or a couple yeah like a
couple weeks of using this um it really
did help my hair like when I would air
drying it like using this product it
felt like softer it was a lot softer and
I don't know I didn't mean I had a lot
healthier and what this actually does is
that it gives moisture to your hair and
that's pretty much exactly what I need
when that's dry so this smells like
working and coconut coconut milk
I don't know he might not like it is you
don't like the food each other they've
got it pets moan and the smell actually
like does the smell just getting your
hair for for a while even if I would air
dry I could still smell the product or I
mean even if i air dried or vagina could
still smell the product and it smells
pretty good so just in case like you're
not sure if all of these new herbal
essences dreams if they're all like I
had a lot of da I thought they were kind
of all the same thing just a change the
fence around and they're kind of
tricking us into thinking it'll work but
action cards of fat the ingredients with
like other with other ones and they're
all different so each it's like little
at are each different type of shampoo
and conditioner they do you all have a
different formula it's similar but it's
different so each one is zero this one
has its own form point the only thing
that I didn't like about this product is
that the shampoo it's not really very
strong like I you know I do me very
differently a lot and i will use a nice
and all these hairspray and the shampoo
i have to love them I hair a lot just to
get out like the moves in the hairspray
so the shampoo really isn't very strong
it's not as strong as other chances are
out there so I'm not saying that I
doesn't work it's just that it's not
really strong shampoo so if you're
looking something to really like hanging
your hair up I would say that I shamp
the shampoo that goes along with this is
not the best for it but the conditioner
I actually feel like it works really
well so overall like I really did like
using the product I did notice the
difference in my hair and hopefully
there's a wall and buy it I you know
that base building is pretty much
everywhere go to target you can go to
walmart or don't store
but mi strains of walmart has I think
the biggest selection because with each
color of these for each type like they
have I believe like the shampoo a
shampoo and conditioner but also they
have like mousse and hairspray and other
things that also go along with each
color so if you're looking to get like
the whole set like that i really
recommend you go to a Super Walmart
because they have everything that's just
in my personal so I hope you guys will
go ahead and try this product and the
next review i have to you guys i'm
trying out actually another herbal
essences target because i want to go
through the whole line and even for you
guys so the next one or try now is
herbal essences breaks over the skin
clean shampoo and conditioner and it's
supposed to really strengthen your hair
so you don't get split answers or
doesn't break offices so i'll see you
guys when Maximus's follow pretty much
but also other reviews green into the
meantime I do i do reviews on a
different mousses so hopefully i'll be
able to get those up for all right i'll
see you next time
you